---
layout: post
title: "harry potter 6, two movies"
date: 2005-07-28 00:47:00 +0000
categories: ["Uncategorized"]
---

I liked this one much more than I liked 5. 5 had too much whining. But 6 had too much of Dumbledore saying “I’ll tell you about my withered hand later.” The suspense-craft was too obvious. Also, I really didn’t like the way Harry+Ginny was done. Yes, I liked the beast in his chest, and the conversations with himself about being Ron’s sister, becuase those were funny. But there was no indication about why they should like each other, other than “Ginny is too popular for her own good, she turns heads everywhere with her good looks and also the Weaselys are good people” or “You can’t rest until you stop Voldemort. I guess that’s why I like you so much” … I don’t know, something was missing. It just felt so… blah. Especially how she’d kiss him and go upstairs and then the three would go off and do something. She’s so obvoiusly outside the inner circle that it just felt fake. Maybe I’m comparing Harry+Ginny unfairly to Lyra+Will, who were gorgeously written (yes, extraordinarily cheesy at times, but still gorgeous). You know? All that stuff about being a house with all the lights on, waiting for a flash of understanding, made me really excited about those characters, but nothing made me really excited for H+G. What about Hermione+Ron? I’m glad that that’s going as slow as it is, and I liked Harry’s “our trio’s down to two” moment. 

Anyway you can see my shipper roots in full force. Apparently I never care about anything other then the +s. I’ll have to admit that I actually suck at Harry Potter lore. Who killed Sirius? Oh, wait, Sirius was like dragged into that black hole thing in that room in that big building which included Ron getting eaten by brains and the prophecy room where the prophecy got shattered but only Harry heard it, right? Oh, Lucius Malfoy was a death eater? How did I forget that? He’s in Azkaban? Blah, blah, blah. Pretty sad. But I liked how there were a few references back. “I was there too,” Ron said unheeded, “look I have these scars on my arm from when the brains got me…” That was really funny. 

I thought that Snape was actually just bad, becuase him being good but an awesome actor and on Dumbledore’s side all along is just too facile, too “easy-way-out,” too feel-good. I want us to really be let down by him, really made cynical. I think that JKR will expect us to think that Snape’s just acting, so she can come out with the next book and BAM! devastate everybody. Like, maybe the overemphasis of Dumbledore trusting Snape was set up on purpose to devastate us further. However, I must admit that it is very likely that he is on the side of good and an awesome actor and that he killed Dumbledore because he swore that unbreakable oath thing to Malfoy’s mom. “Face twisted with hatred” obviously written to make us think “he hates dumbledore!” but actually “he hates that he had to swear that unbreakable oath to Malfoy’s mom to make her believe that he was on her side and now he hates that he has to kill dumbledore!” 

Also to go back to what’s really important to me (ha ha ha ha) I REALLY despised Tonks+Lupin. That was just retarded. If I ever write a book and include love stories they will not consist of a scene where the girl hears about another couple vowing to love each other through disfigurement and hospitalization and burst out “see they can do it, let me love you!” while shaking the boy’s jacket front. That’s just pathetic. I want to say that I’m kind of annoyed by her nonHermione girl characters, but Hermione being there makes it better I guess. Though even she was intrigued by the Puff thingies. Then again I would be too. Oh whatever. I have weird conflicting thoughts about being girly-girlish.  Also McGon… no…gal…. oh I can’t spell her name. At least she’s no-nonsense. Oh I don’t know what I’m talking about. The problem with my livejournal is that I spit out all these letters before I figure out what I am trying to say with them or if it’s worth saying at all, which results in an incomplete, absurd documentation of my demented thought-processes. Also I am mostly just exaggerating what I really feel about everything. I really don’t actually care that much. Most of this is facetious. 

Well, I really was creeped out by them having to apparate to the deserted seashore and go to the cave, and the boat-on-a-chain, and all those corpses, and Dumbledore forcing himself to drink the horrible potion. My desire to see what happens next is as strong as ever. 

————————————————————————————————-

I really liked Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, which I always call “Willy Wonka” probably because that’s what we called our play amongst ourselves in 3rd grade. The Oompa Loompas were fantastic. The entire time you watched the movie with that blank, horrified expression that was always on the kids/parents’ faces. “All this time… and you never FLOSSED?” was fantastic, as was the squeaking of the rubber gloves. The whole movie was nervousness and awkwardness distilled to perfection, interspersed with “I can’t believe they’re doing synchronised swimming in leotards” oddballity. I didn’t like Batman Begins so much. The fight scenes were awful. The camera was too close-up and you couldn’t see anything. “Ok, someone is being thrown over something… maybe… who is it? what are they being thrown over? who is throwing? who is winning, who is losing?” I want more detail and I want to be able to see what’s going on. Etc. I lost interest in this post. 

In other news, this video is fantastic: http://files.filefront.com/Paladin_DPS_is_Fine/;3960522;;/fileinfo.html

The forum post I saw it in was here: http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.aspx?FN=wow-paladin&T=309338&P=1

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!! Oh man, I laughed so hard.