---
layout: post
title: "guster"
date: 2002-02-01 10:29:00 +0000
categories: ["Uncategorized"]
---

one of decadence's new arrangements:

yes i heard all that you had to say
that's when it all fell apart
i might be hated but i can't pretend--
i liked you better before
so long 
so long
front foot leads the back one 
go on and it won't be too soon
i'm gone
i'm gone 
and onto the next one 
so long
and i won't be back soon

yes i'm blue, but from holding my breath
like i have from the start
i'm the villain and i should confess,
i liked you better before
so long, so long, and onto the next one
go on and it won't be too soon
i'm gone, i'm gone, bet you saw this one comin
so long and i won't be back soon 

it's hateful to say
i see it this way
don't even know who you are
but in my defense
i'd do it again
i dont' need to know who you aaaaaaare

so long so long and onto the next one, go on and it won't be too soon
you're gone
you're gone
are you waiting for something?
go on cuz i wont be back soon 

you're lost
and gone
and onto the next one
i don't need to know who you are
i don't need to know 
who you are

a rorschach test? well let's see what one of those is first: thanks to www.m-w.com, a rorshach test is a personality and intelligence test in which a subject interprets inkblot designs in terms that reveal intellectual and emotional factors.

so why do i like this song? it epitomizes my fear of all kinds of relationships. you get too close, you piss each other off, where's the balance? i don't know. i might as well run away from everybody before i make them all mad at me. i oughta become a hermit. hey i have a math quiz tomorrow. maybe i'll get myself to a nunnery. 

i love my guitar.