---
layout: post
title: "i'm tired"
date: 2002-01-23 09:22:00 +0000
categories: ["Uncategorized"]
---

i'm tired of my front and the black veil and the outwardly "normal" facade, hey, look at me everybody i'm trying to be cool and entertaining all the time. why do i take it upon myself to be the clown? i'm not even successful as a clown. the other day me and joan were at bongo burger and we were bored so i was writing things with the ketchup. and i was playing with the straws at cindy's, haha. a child just does things she feels like doing--am i playing, then, at being a child? am i that insecure of myslef, that i TRY this hard to SEEM like i'm just doing what i want to do, when actually it's all an act, it's all this huge fake act, because for some really strange reason i think it's "good" to just do what i want to do--is this confusing enough already? i can't even speak coherently or type with any kind of grammatical correctness, i'm that tired. i've been physically exhausted since early afternoon, actually. what am i running on now? the adrenaline of the depressed? right-o. so. ought the question be, "what do i want to do"--if i figure that out, the rest will follow, right? if i just do what i feel like doing, i'll be happy, unless what i feel like doing is somehow not what i feel like i SHOULD be doing, but then again if i knew htere was something i should be doing, i would want to do that too, right? that only makes sense, doesn't it? or--is it true that we don't always want to do wat we should? of course that's true, what am i talking about. well, what SHOULD i be doing? this is turning into a game of definitions and is getting me nowhere. 

i don't know what to do. i don't know what i want to do or how i will do it or when i will do it or whether or not i will do any freaking thing at all except sit on my lazy ass and type because i'm feeling depressive--hey i even know WHY i'm feeling depressive, i'm TIRED! i'm BUTT tired and for some odd reason i can't fall asleep.

look at me! whine complain! ugh.

AzNbELLbOy (1:13:25 AM): its just the people you meet
AzNbELLbOy (1:13:29 AM): you need to meet some ugly people

hahahahahahahahaha you're great =) thanks.

oh yeah. minor detail. today was the first day of school. hahahaha. classes? eh? what are those? hahahaa. i'm actually quite excited about this semester, my classes seem interesting--well, we'll see hwere math goes--and it's good to be decadencing again, even though my voice feels and sounds absolutely shitty--too much yelling. we played chess on the gaia board today, that was fun. joan's telling me to go to sleep so i think i'll try again. ooh, the first SMT meeting tomorrow night. i gotta be awake for THAT!