---
layout: post
title: "odd men out quick notes because i am very tired"
date: 2005-08-24 03:25:00 +0000
categories: ["Uncategorized"]
tags: ["ben folds", "ben lee", "concert", "rufus wainwright"]
---

When Ben Lee came onstage, the first thing he said was “I’m Ben Lee, and I’m from Sydney, Australia, and [turning to his band] these are my Soldiers of Bliss.” That was pretty awesome. I’d never heard him before–he plays the guitar, his songs are laid-back and catchy.

Ben Folds delivers awesome concerts. This was the second time I’ve seen him. He started with “Bastard” … he played “Brick” which I think is pretty rare right? … he played “Narcolepsy” which is one of my favorites … he ended with the audience-participation song “Not the Same” which is another favorite (stood on top of his poor piano to conduct us at the end). Ben Folds is darn fun to watch live. How can one guy have so much energy? He had a bassist and a drummer with him… I think I liked his solo show more, since he got to tell more stories and his piano-acrobatics were over-the-top and that much more noticeable. The crowd for this show was kind of weird. First of all, nobody was here during Ben Lee (poor guy, he kept saying “it is my goal to play the best music for filing in as I can… I want you all to be able to say that you had an exceptional filing-in experience”) and then not as many people sang along in “Not the Same” as in the other show I went to. Or maybe it’s just weird to hear a rock concert in a symphony concert hall. Oh yeah, some girl rushed the stage during “it’s hard to grow up” and was very very smoothly escorted (well, manhandled would probably be a better term? but it was so smooth) off of the stage by the “manhandle crazies who try to jump the performer” guy. That was exciting. *Good morning son. I am a bird.* I love seeing him in concert becuase he’s just silly. Oh and he did the dr. dre cover “bitches ain’t shit” … hahahahhahahahaahahahhaa that’s some conversation for your ass. And in the middle of his set he pulled out Rufus Wainwright (clad in green pants that he later changed out of, by the way) and they sang Wham’s “careless whisper.” Very funny.

Rufus Wainwright was too far away to see, but he must be hot because anybody with a voice like that must be hot. And what a voice. [mbarrien](http://mbarrien.livejournal.com/) and [berkeleyjew](http://berkeleyjew.livejournal.com/) didn’t care for him but I liked him. The complaint was that you couldn’t tell what he was saying, but I don’t mind that, I can never tell what anybody is saying to me anyway even if they’re not singing. I just really like his voice. The only songs I knew of his before tonight were “hallelujah” and the song about the windmill wings on the Moulin Rouge soundtrack in french (which I liked a lot). It’s strong and steady. (Except for once when he faltered transitioning to a note a step up after a sustained one at which point he said “yikes!” and “well I’m not a diva yet” in the middle of a phrase. I guess we are all fallible.) What a voice. […I [looked up](http://www.rufuswainwright.com) what he looked like. He is eccentric: not everybody is brave enough to pose as a fallen knight, or write songs about a gay jesus. Not as hot as I’d hoped (god I hope he never reads this, in my infinite egomania. Vienna Teng’s story ending with “if she were hot I’d totally be stalking her” comes to mind. Livejournals are stupid. No, blogs are as smart as the people who write them), but hotness-quotient fulfilled with that one black-and-white photo where he’s wearing a polka-dot suit.] 

“Quick notes” my zonkey.