---
layout: post
title: ""
date: 2007-04-09 03:35:00 +0000
categories: ["Uncategorized"]
tags: ["club six", "muse", "san francisco"]
---

I got home from club 6ix at about 3am. Immigrant played a set of about 5 songs. After a long break, Dom got on stage with equipped with a black ipod nano, Tom, and a big smile, and proceeded to play some songs for us. The front speakers cut out for a while, and Dom made frantic “?” gestures, and mimed spinning, and teased us by tapping Immigrant’s drumkit for a few moments (you could see him look at it and get drawn to it like a magnet during the downtime, it was so cute)… and when the sound came back up and he started playing a song he’d look at us and wave his arms about to get a reaction. At one point I was the only one around dancing and he looked straight at me and bopped his head and smiled. He’s really expressive. And really adorable. As far as I could tell, he wasn’t actually spinning anything… only playing songs off of his ipod, I think. I didn’t know any of the songs, either.

The crowd had thinned out considerably by the time he got on stage, and thinned out even more while they worked out the technical problems. Basically there were like 20 of us crowded around obnoxiously taking flash photos of him instead of dancing, which is kind of sad. Here they are laughing at us:

He hung out on the floor for a little while afterwards. I didn’t go up to him and say hi. I felt too shy all of a sudden =(

Oh, some of the people in the front row gave them small packages in cow-patterned paper. Bracelets?

More photos at my flickr. http://www.flickr.com/photos/judytuna/sets/72157600058411188/

Tonight was my first time at Club 6ix, first time in San Francisco by myself at night, and first time taking the all-nighter transbay bus home to the east bay. Now that I know the bus is so easy to take, I’m gonna go clubbing all the time…! I barted there (the club is on sixth (which is between civic center and powell stations), between mission and market), and took the 800 back. The 800 was free with my class pass and took about 50 minutes. It started raining when I got to Berkeley, so I just gave up and took a taxi from the downtown berkeley bart station to my house for $6. I had never taken a taxi in America before tonight.

Concert tomorrow! Today, rather! IN A FEW HOURS!!!!!!! I’M SO EXCITED!!!!!!!! HOW AM I EVER GOING TO GET ENOUGH SLEEP????