---
layout: post
title: ""
date: 2007-05-09 18:41:00 +0000
categories: ["Uncategorized"]
tags: ["ramon"]
---

Yesterday, as I was waiting for him, I thought to myself, “I really need a haircut. This is a lot of split ends and it’s kind of disgusting and dry and straw-like. How weirded out would Ramon be if I asked if he wanted to come with me to get a haircut? Eh, probably a little weirded out. But I am too scared to go look for some place to get a haircut by myself, since the only place I have ever gotten a haircut ever was when my mom took me to the asian places where my entire family has gone to for 20 years.”

The first thing Ramon said to me after that thought-paragraph went through my head (and before I said anything to him at all) was “hey, I need a haircut. Wanna go?”

It was seriously very bizarre. I tried to convey to him how amused I was by this and that I wasn’t making it up, even though he knew I wasn’t making it up, and we decided there needed to be a word for it, but haven’t come up with one yet.

Today I looked at his house, which I want to move into and I hope that works out somehow, and there is a sign on a potted plant inside that says “Mahalo for taking off your slippers.” I said “Does mahalo mean thank you?” and Ramon said “Yes. Probably. Actually, it has to, given the sign, though what if it meant something totally random,” and I said “like pineapple?” and he stopped talking, so I turned to look at him, and he had his hands over his mouth and said “I was about to say pineapple. That’s twice in two days!!!!” Here is probably why pineapple was the first thing that came to my head: 1. I associated “mahalo” for whatever reason with hawaii or an island or something tropical (I don’t know what language it is… ok I just looked it up, it’s hawaiian) and hawaii–>pineapples, and 2. whenever i think about different languages i think about telefrancais and whenever i think about telefrancais i think about pineapples. JE SUIS UN ANANAS