---
layout: post
title: "warhammer online"
date: 2008-09-17 13:06:00 +0000
categories: ["Uncategorized"]
tags: ["eudemonia", "warhammer online"]
---

WAR is here! Yeah, the acronym is WAR, for "Warhammer Online: Age of Reckoning". Haha.

If any of you play, go on these servers:
Order: Saphery
Destruction: Monolith

I’m on Monolith as a healertypething named Adeline.

Eudemonia has free 7-day trial accounts to give out. I can get a basically unlimited number of them, so TELL ME IF YOU WANT ONE. [tzeentch](http://tzeentch.livejournal.com/) I’m looking at you. In fact, I am begging ALL OF YOU to activate a trial account.

Eudemonia’s running promotions for it too–come in and activate an account, get 1 free hour to play. Once you get a character to level 2 and show us, we’ll give you 4 MORE free hours.

If you can’t come to Eudemonia to play (for free), you’ll have to download the client yourself. http://torrent2.eamythic.com/WarBeta.torrent
Takes a while.

Why should you play WAR? 
1. To help Judy get more free trials activated.
2. You can pvp at level 1.
3. You can earn experience by pvping. PvE still exists, of course.
4. Sieges.
5. Lots of classes to choose from. They look like they’ve tried really hard not to pigeonhole healers. All of the descriptions say "with strong damage capability, they will always be at the front of the battle"

Anyway this whole promotion is really important to the game center industry as a whole. iGames was able to get free trials for lan centers, which is really rare for a new MMO, and we’re the only places you’ll see free trials this early for Warhammer Online. EA is going to be tracking the number of activations we get as well as the number of conversions to subscriptions to measure how well marketing at LAN centers work out. It could significantly change the way big publishers look at us. iGames is really srs about it. They’ve been calling centers to say that this is the most important promotion they’ve ever worked on!

So if you’re already buying the game, you should get a free 7-day code from me anyway and activate it first. You get a free 7 days, and I get to boost my conversion percentage =D I already preordered from the ebgames on shattuck. I love them.

I also preordered the Wrath of the Lich King collector’s edition there yesterday.

Also, I bought rock band 2 and drums for Eudemonia’s xbox360.