---
layout: post
title: "speaking of women in gaming"
date: 2008-03-30 16:50:00 +0000
categories: ["Uncategorized"]
tags: ["anger", "gaming culture", "girls"]
---

http://community.livejournal.com/wow_ladies/4954297.html

it’s all been done.

it’s all been done.

it’s all been done before.

thinking about it more, i lose interest in all of this because it just makes me angry, and i stop reading to avoid feeling angry and helpless. both sides make me angry, really. if i REALLY wanted to make the [study](http://judytuna.livejournal.com/202369.html?thread=498817#t498817) of this into my life, i would go and do more research on these multitudes of feminist gaming blogs. what i’m feeling right now is that i probably don’t have anything new to contribute to the discussion.

i’ve only barely skimmed the comments. i don’t really care about the skimpy armor. i do care about harassment, though, about being a girl at all, and about the assumption that you don’t have any skill. example of what i’m talking about, lifted from [the comments](http://community.livejournal.com/wow_ladies/4954297.html?thread=71056313#t71056313): 

Xplayer whispers: omg a dwarf woman

Xplayer whispers: EWWWWWWWWWWW

Yplayer whispers: holy crap, you’re fat

Yplayer whispers: r u that fat in real life? lol

Yplayer whispers: no wonder u play WOW all the time

Zplayer whispers: ur so ugly

Zplayer whispers: omg I can’t believe it

Zplayer whispers: how’d you level to 70 when ur so ugly?

i’ve been on the receiving end of that too while on a female dwarf. i’m sure even alan has. yes, you deal with a lot of annoying teenagers, but we’re not talking about isolated cases that are easy to shrug off here. we’re talking about real insidious sexism that never goes away.