---
layout: post
title: "macworld"
date: 2006-01-13 23:54:00 +0000
categories: ["Uncategorized"]
---

On Jan 10, Ryan and I rode the BART in to SF and got in line to get into the Macworld exhibit hall at around... 10:45. After we got in, we found Jer, who'd watched the keynote, and who sent Ryan the text message "mac book pro" while we were in line. We stood at the Mac booth watching the presentation--"You may ask, what's an Intel chip doing in a Mac? Well, a whole lot more than it's ever done in a PC (ahyuk!)"--and suddenly the crowd swirled around us. Camera flashes went off everywhere. People with arms raised bearing camera phones like torches surged to the back of the booth. "What going on? What happened?" I said. "It's him!" said Jer. "It's Steve!" said Ryan. I said, "Where?" I could just see a few people posing for pictures. The caravan started moving. Steve Jobs stood 2 feet away from us, at which point is entourage couldn't move anymore due to the cameraphone-wielding masses. Then Steve Jobs smiled at me. ♥

Hahahaha

WTF is "Performance per Watt" ?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!????!?!??!! hahaha

Other than the "Intel Core Duo" in the new iMacs and in the new "Mac Book Pro" (whose name Jer and Ryan kept saying to themselves, lamenting the death of Power-), there wasn't that much to see. For me, anyway. At the gaming section, we saw the lead Mac WoW guy [Tigerclaw](http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread-search.aspx?ForumName=wow-mac-tech-support&Author=tigerclaw&Cluster=Wow), who Ryan's emailed before ("Aaaaah, white ghosties! Aaaaaah, weird texture problems!")... I said "what's the new alliance race?!?!" and he said "Panda guys... naw I'm just pulling your leg. They were deciding between three, and they chose one, I just don't know what it is yet." Jer and Ryan and I played animal crossing DS for 5 minutes... 

La la la

[GIRAFFE!](http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/downloads/wallpapers/wallpaper57.html)